.TH "TIDEngine CSS Cache Settings" 3 "Sat Apr 30 2011" "Version 1.0" "TIDEngine API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TIDEngine CSS Cache Settings \- 
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_css\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_css_gz\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$compact_css\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_file_name\fP = 'master'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_ext\fP = '.css'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTIDEngine\fP different CSS Cache Settings.
.PP
Your Pages performance depends from this settings. We recomend to use Default settings for best results.
.br

.br
 But anyway you could make experiments and adjust by your needs. This settings are applied just to CSS Cache files. 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$optimize_css = true\fC [inherited]\fP"Use CSS optimization. Clean CSS files and put all code in one line - size reduction.
.br

.br
 
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
add CSStidy support
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$optimize_css\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 249 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "bool $optimize_css_gz = true\fC [inherited]\fP"Use gzip compression on CSS Cache files. File size reduction. 
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$compact_css = true\fC [inherited]\fP"Combine all CSS files in one unique file. CoReduces the number of HTTP requests.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$compact_css\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 263 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$css_file_name = 'master'\fC [inherited]\fP"Set file name for combined file. If we combine all CSS files combined CSS file name.
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
.IP "\(bu" 2
CSS Files versioning if we need it. 
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$css_file_name\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 271 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$css_ext = '.css'\fC [inherited]\fP"Set default CSS extension. Look sily but we need that for Safari gzip bug. Safari acceprt default extension for gzipped files in format .css.gz or .css.gz.css*
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$css_ext\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 279 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TIDEngine API from the source code.
