.TH "TIDEngine Paths Settings" 3 "Sat Apr 30 2011" "Version 1.0" "TIDEngine API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TIDEngine Paths Settings \- 
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$domain\fP = 'http://localhost/TIDengine/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$root_cache\fP = 'cache/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$pages_cache\fP = 'pages/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_cache\fP = 'css/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$js_cache\fP = 'javascript/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_source\fP = 'javascript/native/source/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_minified\fP = 'javascript/native/minified/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$frameworks_source\fP = 'javascript/frameworks/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_source\fP = 'css/'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTIDEngine\fP different paths setting for source and cached files.
.PP
If you do not change \fBTIDEngine\fP structure you can use default paths if not you must define your own. 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$domain = 'http://localhost/TIDengine/'\fC [inherited]\fP"You can define root domain if for some reason you have problems with Javascript and/or CSS Cache Files Paths.
.br
 If you have no problems you can leave it empty.
.br
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$domain\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 26 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$root_cache = 'cache/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Cache directory root path. If you do not change orginal \fBTIDEngine\fP structure, Default : 'cache/' 
.br
 If you have your own structure set path depending of your needs. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$root_cache\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$pages_cache = 'pages/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Cached Templates/Pages cache directory name. Default : 'pages/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$pages_cache\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$css_cache = 'css/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Css cache directory name. Default : 'css/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$css_cache\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$js_cache = 'javascript/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Javascript cache directory name. Default : 'javascript/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$js_cache\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$javascript_source = 'javascript/native/source/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Javascript source files directory path. Default : 'javascript/native/source/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$javascript_source\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$javascript_minified = 'javascript/native/minified/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Javascript minified files directory path. Default : 'javascript/native/minified/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$javascript_minified\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$frameworks_source = 'javascript/frameworks/'\fC [inherited]\fP"Javascript Frameworks source files directory path. Default : 'javascript/frameworks/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$frameworks_source\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 77 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$css_source = 'css/'\fC [inherited]\fP"CSS source files directory path. Default : 'css/' 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$css_source\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TIDEngine API from the source code.
