.TH "TIDEngine Class Settings" 3 "Sat Apr 30 2011" "Version 1.0" "TIDEngine API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TIDEngine Class Settings \- 
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$shortcodes\fP = array()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$data_changes_check\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$modification_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$template_id\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$configuration_file\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$meta_spec\fP = array('Content-Language', 'Expires', 'Pragma', 'Cache-Control', 'imagetoolbar')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$debug_meta\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTIDEngine\fP different private class parameters.
.PP
No need to change anything. 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "array $shortcodes = array()\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Shortcodes array defined for specific template 
.PP
Definition at line 410 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "num $data_changes_check\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Data send to TempEngine md5 for checking for changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 417 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "num $modification_time\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Cache file modification time. 
.PP
Definition at line 424 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "num $template_id\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Template file name/id. 
.PP
Definition at line 431 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$configuration_file = ''\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Include external cofiguration file.
.br
 If you leave empty this path, you must set settings when you init Class. If there are no defined settings default settings will be used.
.br

.br
 default path: 'TIDEngine/configuration/config.php'
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$configuration_file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 441 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$meta_spec = array('Content-Language', 'Expires', 'Pragma', 'Cache-Control', 'imagetoolbar')\fC [private, inherited]\fP"For meta tags spec.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$meta_spec\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 448 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "$debug_meta = false\fC [private, inherited]\fP"Use SEO Optimization Adviser/Debugger.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$debug_meta\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 455 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TIDEngine API from the source code.
