.TH "TIDEngine" 3 "Sat Apr 30 2011" "Version 1.0" "TIDEngine API" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TIDEngine \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcheck_cache\fP ($_data, $template_path, $template_id, $elements, $caching)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcreate_minified\fP ($file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdisplay\fP ($file_path, $cache=false, $elements=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshortcodes\fP ($data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcss_data\fP ($data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoptimize_css\fP ($files)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjavascript_data\fP ($data, $type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoptimize_javascript\fP ($files, $type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBjs_packers\fP ($file_content)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinclude_debugger\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinclude_packer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPacker\fP ($js_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBJSmin\fP ($js_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBJShrink\fP ($js_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBJSminplus\fP ($js_file)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgzip_data\fP ($data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsave_data\fP ($data, $path, $modifiers=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmeta_data\fP ($data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfix_newlines_for_clean_html\fP ($fixthistext)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclean_html_code\fP ($uncleanhtml)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclear_cache\fP ($template_id=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclean_file\fP ($content)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbrowser_info\fP ($agent=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetRequestHeaders\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcaculate_lifetime\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcheck_browser_set_extension\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$domain\fP = 'http://localhost/TIDengine/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$root_cache\fP = 'cache/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$pages_cache\fP = 'pages/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_cache\fP = 'css/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$js_cache\fP = 'javascript/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_source\fP = 'javascript/native/source/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_minified\fP = 'javascript/native/minified/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$frameworks_source\fP = 'javascript/frameworks/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_source\fP = 'css/'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache_naming\fP = 'md5'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache_name_pre\fP = '('"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache_name_post\fP = ')-'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache_extension\fP = '.tpl.php'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$server_caching\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$client_caching\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$gzip\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$compression_level\fP = 4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$cache_lifetime\fP = array('page'=>'1.month', 'css'=>'6.month', 'javascript'=>'6.month', 'frameworks'=>'6.month')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$xhtml_code_operations\fP = 'indent'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$xhtml_code_indentation\fP = ' '"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_css\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_css_gz\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$compact_css\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_file_name\fP = 'master'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$css_ext\fP = '.css'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_javascript\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$combine_all_javascript\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$compact_javascript\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$optimize_javascript_gz\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$packer\fP = 'jsmin'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$js_ext\fP = '.js'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_combined\fP = 'combined'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$javascript_filename\fP = 'javascript'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$framework_filename\fP = 'framework'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$frameworks_type\fP = 'minified'"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$shortcodes\fP = array()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$data_changes_check\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$modification_time\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$template_id\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$configuration_file\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$meta_spec\fP = array('Content-Language', 'Expires', 'Pragma', 'Cache-Control', 'imagetoolbar')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$debug_meta\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTIDEngine\fP core class 
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
bogyvet 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 9 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ()"Class constructor. 
.br

.br
 Detailed instructions inside Class inline comments 
.PP
Definition at line 476 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "check_cache ($ _data, $ template_path, $ template_id, $ elements, $ caching)"Checks for Cache existance, Cache file validity and Cache expiration time.
.br

.br
 Detailed instructions inside Class inline comments
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$_data\fP - Data to be phrased to template shortcodes array key = SHORTCODE, array value = DATA. 
.br
\fI$template_path\fP - Path to template file 
.br
\fI$template_id\fP - Template name 
.br
\fI$elements\fP - Extra elements we need to include, default header, body and footer. 
.br
\fI$caching\fP - Do we use caching for specific template 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 509 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "create_minified ($ file)"Create minified version of source Javascript files
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 807 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "display ($ file_path, $ cache = \fCfalse\fP, $ elements = \fCfalse\fP)"Display page and|or Create Cache file.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$file_path\fP - path to template or cache file. 
.br
\fI$cache\fP - we need to create cache file controll variable 
.br
\fI$elements\fP - page elements. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 821 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "shortcodes ($ data)"shortcodes($data) - Set shortcodes for template
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP - defined shortcodes that must be phrased to template 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 930 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "css_data ($ data)"Set CSS head data. CSS files paths
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP - CSS files paths 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1002 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "optimize_css ($ files)"Optimize css files
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$files\fP - CSS file content 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Add CSSTidy support and some other Libaries 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1052 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "javascript_data ($ data, $ type)"Set Javascript/Javascript Frameworks 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP - Javascript files 
.br
\fI$type\fP - frameworks or regular Javascript files 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1135 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "optimize_javascript ($ files, $ type)"Optimize Javascript files 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$files\fP 
.br
\fI$type\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string $js - Links 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1185 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "js_packers ($ file_content)"Optimize Javascript data with different Packers.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$file_content\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string $optimized_file 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1260 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "include_debugger ()"Include SEO Optimization Adviser/Debugger Class. 
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Use SEO Optimization Adviser/Debugger.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1305 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "include_packer ()"Include defined packer Class in use.
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Native Class packer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1319 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "Packer ($ js_file)"Packer - PHP 5 ported version of Dean Edwards Packer
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$js_file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1352 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "JSmin ($ js_file)"JSmin - JSmin packer PHP ported version of Dean Edwards JS 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$js_file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1364 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "JShrink ($ js_file)"JShrink - JShrink-0.2.class.php hosted on Google Code
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$js_file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1378 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "JSminplus ($ js_file)"JSminPlus - one more port of Dean Edwards JSmin
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$js_file\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1391 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "gzip_data ($ data)"If enabled gzip cache files
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1403 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "save_data ($ data, $ path, $ modifiers = \fCfalse\fP)"Save cache files
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP - file data 
.br
\fI$path\fP - Cache File Path 
.br
\fI$modifiers\fP - overwrite, append data to file. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1424 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "meta_data ($ data)"Set head Page Title and Meta Tags.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$data\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
$this->debug_meta will be part of TIDEbugger Class 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1442 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "fix_newlines_for_clean_html ($ fixthistext)"Function to seperate multiple tags one line. Credits to orginal author.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$fixthistext\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1486 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "clean_html_code ($ uncleanhtml)"Indent XHTML output code $this->xhtml_code_indentation. Credits to orginal author.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$uncleanhtml\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string implode('\\n', $cleanhtml_array) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1512 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "clear_cache ($ template_id = \fCfalse\fP)"Manualy clear cache.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$template_id\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1603 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "clean_file ($ content)"Remove white space, comments etc. 
.PP
Definition at line 1633 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "browser_info ($ agent = \fCnull\fP)"Code taken php.org and slitly adapted. Lightweight alternative for Browscap. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$agent\fP - string to check if we have access by defined agent 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1653 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "getRequestHeaders ()"Get Client Browser headers data. 
.PP
Definition at line 1685 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "caculate_lifetime ()"Calculate Cache Life Time in miliseconds 
.PP
Definition at line 1717 of file TIDEngine.php.
.SS "check_browser_set_extension ()"Workarround for Safari problem with gzipped content we need other type of compressed cache files extensions. As some hosting companies do not support get_browser function I was thinking that best solution is native Browscap class - first time load this class will update all data in cache file. eg. Other browsers .css.gz and .js.gz Safari css.gz.css and js.gz.js
.IP "\(bu" 2
infact this is not strict rule you can set any kind of extension just not to be .gz eg. js.gz.xyz and css.gz.xyz - this will work without problem.
.PP
.PP
Uncomment this line :
.PP
$check_browser = new Browscap($this->Browscap_cache); $browser = $check_browser->getBrowser(null, false); $this->browser = $browser->Browser;
.PP
and
.PP
$this->Browscap_cache = $this->root_cache . 'Browscap';
.PP
also comment this two lines of code:
.PP
$browser = $this->\fBbrowser_info()\fP; $this->browser = ucfirst($browser[0]); 
.PP
Definition at line 1795 of file TIDEngine.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TIDEngine API from the source code.
